{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-12195\li17562\lin17562}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\f0\fs24\cf0\ftnbj\ftnnar\aftnnar
\sectd\sftnnar\saftnnar\titlepg\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 General Concept for Demo}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx180\tx540\li540\fi-375\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe an intro talking about the 6 types of magic?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Mention common phrases that are taught to the students, like \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Closure doesn\u8217\'92t exist\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93One foot in front of the other\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 V.V. and Jojo are at the Adventure Guild  Academy. Today is the day they have an exam.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 In order to pass the test, they must retrieve an item and send it to a client}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Even though they\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve all been training their physical abilities in test scenarios, they must learn how to properly complete a mission.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 In the classroom, V.V. hopes that Ray will pick her to be partners, but Dahlia beats her to the punch. Jojo comes in late, and hops up to be V.V\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s partner, and she accepts.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The instructor tells a few tutorial points (V.V. has to go in their inventory to give the instructor their permission slip)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The whole class will be competing to collect multiple items on a scavenger hunt and deliver it back to the instructor.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0\strike\strikec0 Before proceeding to the mission, the teacher has some final preparations to make. To pass the time, V.V. decides to talk with their classmates. This would include Blaze, Egan, Ray, Dahlia, Levina, and Ziggy (to be decided later, this NPC won\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t survive the trip-maybe their injured)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Have a bookcase that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ll explain more about the world.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 At first, Egan isn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t seen, this is because they\u8217\'92re disguising themselves as a tree. You have to investigate the tree before speaking with them.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After all the NPCs are talked to, the instructor comes back to inform the students that not only is their mission on a time limit, but if they come in last, they will fail the assignment and won\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to move on in their mercenary training. With this sudden restriction, all the students rush off to complete their scavenger hunt.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Looking at the map, V.V. and Jojo can choose to go for Item 1, or Item 2 first. Item 3 will be unlocked after both scenes are finished.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 When going for Item 1, they\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ll be competing against Egan and Blaze. Since they\u8217\'92re all friends, they\u8217\'92re hesitant about competing, but they agree to stay out of each other\u8217\'92s way and help each other when they can.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Going for Item 2, they\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re competing against Ray and Dahlia. Whenever V.V. and Jojo try to make headway, Dahlia gets in their way. V.V. has to dispatch Jojo in order to keep Dahlia preoccupied in order for them to snag the item.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After completing Items 1 and 2, this will initiate Item 3. However, because Ray and Dahlia have been sabotaging everyone along the way, they cause an accident that resulted in Ziggy being severely hurt. Also V.V. and Jojo lost out on their opportunity to get Item 3.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Jojo wants to keep going, but V.V. makes them stop to help Levina and Ziggy. Jojo says, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just a regular old wannabe hero, aren\u8217\'92t ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Using her strength, V.V. is able to help get the partner out of the debris. Realizing that even if they reach the finish line, what\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s the point in them continuing if they\u8217\'92re injured. As thanks for V.V. and Jojo\u8217\'92s help, Levina and Ziggy give them Item 3, knowing that this means that they won\u8217\'92t be able to become mercenaries.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 With all items in hand, V.V. and Jojo are the final eligible group to arrive. Levina and Ziggy are already there, but because they don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t have all items, they\u8217\'92re packing up their stuff. V.V. expresses that she\u8217\'92s sorry on how things worked out, but both Levina and Ziggy are somewhat relieved.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Upon finishing the assignment, the teacher informs the students that this was a trial. From now on, all assignments will be done with partners.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 At the end, the teacher has the kids recite to him, what Noah did wrong and how they can learn from it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Later on, Jojo and V.V. have a little heart to heart, and when it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s over, it transitions to V.V. being alone, years later.}}